How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?
A.  We could compare the lines which were different in the two versions and
    see the differences which led us to finding out the typo that was introduced
    in the new file.


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?
A.  We can see all the changes that we have made to the file while we have been
    working on the file so we can see the gradual progress of our program.


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?
A.  Pros: We can choose which version to save and not save every version which can be
          intentionally buggy thereby occupying extra memory space.
    Cons: Sometimes we can forget to commit thereby not saving that given version of
          of the project.


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
A.  They allow multiple files in one commit because a project usually consists of many files
    so to save all of the data at once saves time. While in google docs we don't have that much
    functionality to edit projects.


How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
A.  Git log is used to find the commit id's of the commits and git diff uses these commit ids to
    compare two different files with different id's.


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?
A.  As we can revert back to the previous version of our project we will not be afraid of
    making changes that can break something in our project. We can simply use git diff to compare
    the two different versions and undo the changes that caused the bug.
    

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
A.  Use Git for saving my project repositories
